Add increment storage docs (#481)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/performance/increment.md

# Increment Storage

{% hint style="info" %}
This feature has been introduced with Shopware version 6.4.7.0
{% endhint %}

> The increment storage is used in Shopware to show the current status of the message queue in the Administration or store the last used modules of the Administration users. This storage increments/decrements transaction safe the given key in the storage, leading to locks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The increment storage is used in Shopware to show the current status of the message queue in the Administration or store the last used modules of the Administration users. This storage increments/decrements transaction safe the given key in the storage, leading to locks.

The increment storage is used to store state and display it in the Administration. This can include

 * status of the message queue
 * last used module of administration users.
 
 This storage increments or decrements a given key in a transaction safe way, which causes locks upon the storage.
```

> Shopware uses the `increment` table to store such information by default. When multiple message consumers are running, this table can be locked very often and decrease the workers' performance. By using different storage, we were able to improve the performance of the updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shopware uses the `increment` table to store such information by default. When multiple message consumers are running, this table can be locked very often and decrease the workers' performance. By using a different storage, the performance of those updates can be improved.
```

## Using Redis as storage

To use Redis, create a `config/packages/shopware.yml` file with the following content

```yaml
shopware:
    increment:
        user_activity:
          type: 'redis'
          config:
            url: 'redis://host:port/dbindex'

        message_queue:
          type: 'redis'
          config:
            url: 'redis://host:port/dbindex'
```

## Disabling the Increment Storage

> The usage of the increment storage is optional and can be disabled. When this feature is disabled, the Queue Notification and Module usage will not work in the Administration

Reviewer: What does "Module usage will not work" mean?

Author: with the februrary update the module usage will be tracked and you get listed recently opened customers, modules etc

# Increment Storage

{% hint style="info" %}
This feature has been introduced with Shopware version 6.4.7.0
{% endhint %}

The increment storage is used to store state and display it in the Administration. This can include

 * status of the message queue
 * last used module of administration users.
 
 This storage increments or decrements a given key in a transaction-safe way, which causes locks upon the storage.

Shopware uses the `increment` table to store such information by default. When multiple message consumers are running, this table can be locked very often and decrease the workers' performance. By using a different storage, the performance of those updates can be improved.

## Using Redis as storage

To use Redis, create a `config/packages/shopware.yml` file with the following content

```yaml
shopware:
    increment:
        user_activity:
          type: 'redis'
          config:
            url: 'redis://host:port/dbindex'

        message_queue:
          type: 'redis'
          config:
            url: 'redis://host:port/dbindex'
```

## Disabling the Increment Storage

> The usage of the increment storage is optional and can be disabled. When this feature is disabled, the Queue Notification and Module usage will not work in the Administration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage of the increment storage is optional and can be disabled. When this feature is disabled, Queue Notification and Module Usage Overview will not work in the Administration
```
